README.md, before:

## Jack Dewinter

I am a software developer, keen on automation, enabling developers to release and produce high quality software. An interest in technology brought me to pursue my first year in Computer Science at Leeds, my drive to produce software led me to Makers Academy which propelled my development.

| Project                                                      | Description                                                  | Technology                           |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | :----------------------------------- |
| [MixMakers](https://github.com/MaryDomashneva/MixMakers)     | Input multiple ingredients around your house and find cocktails with instructions. iOS application made in 1 week in a team of 4. | Swift, XCTest                        |
| [Bookmark Manager](https://github.com/dewinterjack/bookmark_week4) | Store and manage web bookmarks. Built with TDD using Rspec.  | Ruby, Sinatra, Rspec, PostgreSQL     |
| [Find a Pet](https://github.com/dewinterjack/find_a_pet)     | Browse through data on adoptable pets. Dynamic table that updates through ReactJS. | Javascript, ReactJS, Meteor, MongoDB |
| [Placegen](https://github.com/dewinterjack/placegen)         | GUI application that generates excel spreadsheet from local businesses. Uses Google Places API and Hunter.io (emails from google places data). | Python, Tkinter                      |

**Systems Administrator at IPSA Medical** (July - September 2017)

I automated various data storage and retrieval systems. I set up new database software and programmed a data retrieval system, [Placegen](https://github.com/dewinterjack/placegen) in Python, and other internal software.

**Helpdesk Engineer at RockIT** (June - July 2016)

Assisting clients with IT problems, giving me useful customer relations experience. I worked on-site, installing networks we designed for a client. 

**Teaching Assistant at BlueShift** (November 2015 - January 2016)

I assisted in teaching Javascript to kids over school breaks. I spent a lot of time 1 on 1 explaining challenging concepts in an understandable way. This is some of the most rewarding work I have done so far and I always jump at an opportunity to teach.

**Film-maker at Gavsy Media** (September 2014 - February 2015)

I spent my time filming, managing equipment and editing film for corporate and family events. 

## Education

**Makers Academy** (February - June 2018)

* Git & Shell
* Deployment
* Test Driven Development
* Javascript, Ruby
* Teamwork & Leadership

**Westminster Kingsway College - Software Development BTEC Level 3** (September 2014 - June 2016) D*DD (Distinctions)

* Unreal Game Engine, C++
* Human Computer Interaction
* Customer/Manager Relations

**University of Leeds - Computer Science** (September 2016 - January 2018) 

* C, Python and Java programming
* Processors, Operating Systems
* Databases

## Interests

**Ethics in Technology**

AI has its risks and I believe that if it is not developed in the correct way, there will dangerous results. However, I think that if developed in a moral, careful manner it can follow a better path. I want to develop solutions that ensure AI, how our data is managed, biotech and other concerns in technology are dealt with ethicly. I believe a large part of this process is through education

**Automation/DevOps**

I want to make the development process as smooth, efficient and enjoyable as possible. This involves educating best practices, automating arduous tasks and creating tools that are a bridge in development, not a hindrance.

**Genealogy**

I have been researching my family history for many years. Collecting stories and travelling to interesting places, building my family tree along the way. I like solving puzzles and learning about my heritage and my interest has led me to interesting ideas and places.

Commit message:

updated with new algo analysis project

README.md, after:

## Jack Dewinter

I am a software developer, keen on automation, enabling developers to release and produce high quality software. An interest in technology brought me to pursue my first year in Computer Science at Leeds, my drive to produce software led me to Makers Academy which propelled my development.

| Project                                                      | Description                                                  | Technology                           |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | :----------------------------------- |
| [MixMakers](https://github.com/MaryDomashneva/MixMakers)     | Input multiple ingredients around your house and find cocktails with instructions. iOS application made in 1 week in a team of 4. | Swift, XCTest                        |
| [Bookmark Manager](https://github.com/dewinterjack/bookmark_week4) | Store and manage web bookmarks. Built with TDD using Rspec.  | Ruby, Sinatra, Rspec, PostgreSQL     |
| [Find a Pet](https://github.com/dewinterjack/find_a_pet)     | Browse through data on adoptable pets. Dynamic table that updates through ReactJS. | Javascript, ReactJS, Meteor, MongoDB |
| [Placegen](https://github.com/dewinterjack/placegen)         | GUI application that generates excel spreadsheet from local businesses. Uses Google Places API and Hunter.io (emails from google places data). | Python, Tkinter                      |
| [Algo Analysis](https://github.com/dewinterjack/algo_analysis) | Generate random lists and compare sorting times. Different algorithms are more efficient with different kinds of data. View sort results for one list or generate a chart for multiple lists. | C, gnuplot                           |

**Systems Administrator at IPSA Medical** (July - September 2017)

I automated various data storage and retrieval systems. I set up new database software and programmed a data retrieval system, [Placegen](https://github.com/dewinterjack/placegen) in Python, and other internal software.

**Helpdesk Engineer at RockIT** (June - July 2016)

Assisting clients with IT problems, giving me useful customer relations experience. I worked on-site, installing networks we designed for a client. 

**Teaching Assistant at BlueShift** (November 2015 - January 2016)

I assisted in teaching Javascript to kids over school breaks. I spent a lot of time 1 on 1 explaining challenging concepts in an understandable way. This is some of the most rewarding work I have done so far and I always jump at an opportunity to teach.

**Film-maker at Gavsy Media** (September 2014 - February 2015)

I spent my time filming, managing equipment and editing film for corporate and family events. 

## Education

**Makers Academy** (February - June 2018)

* Git & Shell
* Deployment
* Test Driven Development
* Javascript, Ruby
* Teamwork & Leadership

**Westminster Kingsway College - Software Development BTEC Level 3** (September 2014 - June 2016) D*DD (Distinctions)

* Unreal Game Engine, C++
* Human Computer Interaction
* Customer/Manager Relations

**University of Leeds - Computer Science** (September 2016 - January 2018) 

* C, Python and Java programming
* Processors, Operating Systems
* Databases

## Interests

**Ethics in Technology**

AI has its risks and I believe that if it is not developed in the correct way, there will dangerous results. However, I think that if developed in a moral, careful manner it can follow a better path. I want to develop solutions that ensure AI, how our data is managed, biotech and other concerns in technology are dealt with ethicly. I believe a large part of this process is through education

**Automation/DevOps**

I want to make the development process as smooth, efficient and enjoyable as possible. This involves educating best practices, automating arduous tasks and creating tools that are a bridge in development, not a hindrance.

**Genealogy**

I have been researching my family history for many years. Collecting stories and travelling to interesting places, building my family tree along the way. I like solving puzzles and learning about my heritage and my interest has led me to interesting ideas and places.
